Alright. In this video, we are gonna
take a look at MapStuct support for
IntelliJ and this is a plugin that was
just released. You can see here, I've
got the blog post up from the MapStruct
announcement from their website for this
new plugin. This is like just six or
seven days ago, probably not not even a
week that I'm recording this that this
was released. Now we can see here, I just
wanna go over. You can see here, as we
setup the mapping. What its gonna give
us is autocomplete for the
mappings and the targets. So a nice
feature there. And we'll be able to go to
the declaration. So a nice little be able
to jump right from that to the class. And
then finally, it's gonna show the find
usages. So some nice features and
functionality for gets our id playing
with MapStruct. A little nicer. So I'm
gonna go ahead and show you how to
install that. So, jump over to IntelliJ. If
you come up to the settings, go to
Plugins. And what we wanna do is Browse
repositories. Come up here and do
mapstruct. Here we are MapStruct support.
And then, just click install. And we're
gonna need to do a restart of
IntelliJ for this but I'm not gonna step
through that. Actually, I'm gonna pause
this. I'm gonna restart IntelliJ and
restart and I'm gonna pause the video
while IntelliJ restarts. Okay, jumped ahead
and I've got the MapStruct plug-in
installed now. Let's go ahead and
take a quick look at the functionality
of it. I do @Mapping. I'm gonna say source.
Now, if I just do control, you can see
that I get the property names there.
I actually need to be inside the.. now we
can see name. And if I do a command click,
it'll jump over to the actual
property for us. So nice functionality. If
you are an Eclipse user, there is also a
plugin for Eclipse provided by MapStruct
that has similar functionality. I
do not have Eclipse even installed on my
machine, otherwise, I'd demo it. But for
those of you that using
Eclipse, you do have some other
functionality through a plug-in there.